add public release beta notification (#347)
QuEraComputing/Bloqade.jl: README.md

Bloqade is a package developed for quantum computation and quantum simulation based on the neutral-atom architecture. Please refer to the [documentation](https://queracomputing.github.io/Bloqade.jl/dev/) page to learn more about Bloqade.

> **Bloqade is currently under public release beta, high-level APIs are stable, but expects some further exploration and rough edges**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bloqade is currently under public release beta. High-level APIs are stable, but please expect some further exploration and rough edges**
```
